[u'updated 6:00 PM EST, Wed January 8, 2014', u'How would you feel if you were the only survivor of an airplane accident?', u'Four people tell their amazing stories in ', u" \u2014 It's a terrifying, life-changing experience that few of us can fully understand: survival of a large plane crash.", u'Only a handful of people have come through major plane crashes alive and alone. CNN Films\' "Sole Survivors" examines four of those stories: The toddler, the "Miracle Girl," the co-pilot and the seeker. They survived when no one else did.', u'But they still cope with confusion, guilt and the complicated emotional aftermath of what it means to be a sole survivor.', u'Bahia was hospitalized after rescuers found her floating on plane wreckage without a life vest. She\u2019d been clinging to it for over nine hours.', u"After her airliner crashed into the Indian Ocean off the island nation of Comoros in 2009, Bahia Bakari clung to a piece of plane wreckage for more than nine hours without a life vest. She was only 13. Among the dead were her mother and 151 others. The news media dubbed her La Miracul\xe9e, or the Miracle Girl. Now an adult, Bakari sometimes closes herself off, her father says. He thinks it would help her to spend time with others who've suffered the same trauma.", u'Details', u'Cecelia Cichan was just 4 when she alone survived a 1987 airliner crash in Detroit that killed 154 passengers and crew. The disaster claimed the lives of her entire immediate family, including both parents and her brother. Rescuers found her alive under a seat not far from their bodies. Now an adult, she has a tattoo of an airliner on her left wrist, signifying a fiery ordeal that she has no memory of. Cichan remains protective of her privacy and unsure how much she wants to share her experience with others. She says she feels "almost inferior" because others "had to work to survive, and I just woke up in the hospital."', u'Details', u'Somehow co-pilot Jim Polehinke survived inside the plane\'s mangled cockpit. "It was as if an angel had wrapped his arms around him and held him," his wife said.', u"An airline co-pilot, Jim Polehinke was at the controls in 2006 when his jetliner crashed during takeoff from Lexington, Kentucky, killing all 49 others on board. Polehinke lost his left leg as a result of the incident. He has spent years fighting accusations by investigators that he and his pilot were to blame. Recently, his emotional journey has led him out of darkness and anger. He's turned a corner onto a more enriching and hopeful path.", u'Details', u'Firefighters douse wreckage of a Lockheed Electra which crashed January 21, 1985, killing all 71 on board, except George Lamson Jr.', u'George Lamson Jr. is on a quest. The only survivor of a 1985 airline crash that killed his father and 69 others in Reno, Nevada, Lamson has been seeking out sole survivors like himself, to learn from them but also to help them. Moments before the doomed takeoff, Lamson and his father changed seats. Lamson will never know whether that decision saved his life. As the plane was about to crash, Lamson made a pact with God that if he survived, he would work to do good and help others. He desperately wishes to honor that promise.', u'Details']